README.md, before:

#WebScraper HW
>this assignment scrapes the information and parse HTML directly from websites.
To run this project, you should execute the file from the following path '/lib/application.rb' with Ruby.
##Choice of website
</br>
First, we choose the NBA sports infomation on <http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/scoreboard> and scrape each game's starting lineup.
Second, we use the NBA players website <http://origin.nba.com/players/> to scrape the players' current season stats which user enters.
##Structure of our Code
</br>
We used `Nokogiri` to parse HTML on Ruby, then used `XPATH` to find the tag on HTML.

	require 'open-uri'
	require 'nokogiri'
Users can enter '1' to see any players' stats in current season they enter.
</br>
Users can also enter '2' to see the starting lineup in today's game or see the highest records(PTS, REB, STL) in the final game.
##Collaborator
* [seanyen0507](https://github.com/seanyen0507)
* [hsuchinwang](https://github.com/hsuchinwang)
* [poweihuang](https://github.com/poweihuang)

Commit message:

To fix some rubocup problem. Add an exception catch in the main code, output the message when the user have an invalid input. Update the gem version to 0.1.3 and push it on the Internet. Edit some description in README file.

README.md, after:

#WebScraper HW
>this assignment scrapes the information and parse HTML directly from websites.
To run this project, you should install the gem by the command 'gem install NBA_info'. Then you can require the library in ruby.
##Choice of website
</br>
First, we choose the NBA sports infomation on <http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/scoreboard> and scrape each game's starting lineup.
Second, we use the NBA players website <http://origin.nba.com/players/> to scrape the players' current season stats which user enters.
##Structure of our Code
</br>
We used `Nokogiri` to parse HTML on Ruby, then used `XPATH` to find the tag on HTML.

	require 'open-uri'
	require 'nokogiri'
Users can enter '2' to see any players' stats in current season they enter.
</br>
Users can also enter '1' to see the starting lineup in today's game or see the highest records(PTS, REB, STL) in the final game.
##Collaborator
* [seanyen0507](https://github.com/seanyen0507)
* [hsuchinwang](https://github.com/hsuchinwang)
* [poweihuang](https://github.com/poweihuang)
